okay guys we go to new acetal so today
I'm going to be doing a hard last try on
video the heart is going to be for a
company called pretty little thing calm
so basically I utter these with my own
money so it's not a sponsored video but
I did go on this site one dad was kind
of creeping on this site a couple of
times because I thought that they have
really really cute things and the prices
were just awesome the reason the prices
were awesome of this cuz it's kind of
like boo boo calm I don't know if you
know boo calm where like every single
time you go on they have a coupon code
so this website is kind of like that
there's always 50% off with the website
okay so basically when I saw that I was
like let me find out but then I looked
at reviews and some people were saying
that they wasn't getting they stuff they
stuff was coming and something was
missing and they couldn't get in contact
with their arm I saw my service so a lot
of you know some of the reviews that I
saw we're not so great but then like the
items are really cute and the price is
really good so I was like you know what
I'm gonna try it out so I can see for
myself what's good and actually are
pretty good experience with them this
time you know and I don't like sometimes
it is with it because even when you
order from like fashionable or you order
from anybody start happens you know you
can have an order and the order is
perfect and then you can have a water
and something missing or something the
wrong size stuff happen so for this
particular order everything was fine
everything was great
one thing number this website is I think
it's a European like from London based
on website so the sizing was a little
different this one most of the things I
got was either in a US 6 or us 8 I'm
actually already wearing the first piece
this one I actually wanted in a size us
six but they didn't have a u.s. six and
it was extremely extremely very well
priced so this is the dress it's just
like a regular bodycon dress but what
makes it really really nice for me
actually is the print on it I really
really like the print and I like the
fact that the entire back is out
I thought I could I got in the u.s. i6
and it would fit just fine yeah hope you
guys like this one and we want to move
on to just numbers - okay so this is the
next item this is a black dress this is
in a US size 6 UK size 10 lace up cap
sleeve dress and I actually really
really like it it's very on-trend hasn't
released down the middle and it's
actually like a really sick material
it's like double line I love
off-the-shoulder because
off-the-shoulder is just my thing so I'm
going to show you how to just look all
in all as you can see as it lacy tail
all the way down the dress and the back
is just plain that is basically just
number two we have to get a tux just
number three okay so this is the next
dress this is a snake print dress
absolutely love this snake print like
it's so so cute and manage how your this
dress was so affordable
it was so affordable Brad I think it was
like seven dollars or something like
that but I absolutely love the print on
it it's just a pretty basic dress just I
just really like to print and yeah I'm
gonna say I really like the print cuz
like I like two more things in the same
print alright so this one again is in a
US size six UK size 10 and it's just a
basic snake print dress crazy okay
[Music]
they're like this if you feel like it's
a little too like xposed or whatever you
can definitely pair with like a little
throw over something like this and it
will be like extra extra cute you know I
just saw this one over real quick and
then you feel just like a little more
covered up a little more dress the
winnable which is so sexy one of the
balance 16 and 11
okay so that is just number three and
I'm going to show you my next I am the
lemon body con bridal dress again it is
in a US size six UK size 10 I feel like
this one I could actually wear
besides to the US size 8 but I didn't so
we won't have to make it work but
absolutely love again I love the bridal
style off-the-shoulder dresses I like
the bright with the wall no way I guess
it's just like a lighter yellow accent
with the strength I really really like
it it's really really really really
fitted donuts the only thing I wish it
was a US size 8 instead of the u.s. size
6 but we gonna make it work and you this
is how it looks in the back I think this
dress is a very very cute actually
really really liked it so hope you guys
like it as well it's just so cute can't
wait to wear this one man like a real
tropical yellowish kind of nice mess on
my eyes it's gonna be sick all right so
this is the next piece went to the neck
alright so the next piece is this rose
gold oh my god it's so gorgeous
again it's off-the-shoulder Bardot as
again it's in the u.s. size 6 UK size 10
fits perfectly that's oh my god I love
the rose gold on it I love you guys can
tell but it's really really shimmery and
beautiful it's just like really really
really really beautiful so this is what
it looks like
so absolutely love this dress it's just
beautiful and it fits great
so yes love this one onto the neck okay
so the next item is a black unitard this
is just basically like a really really
basic piece that can be worn like
underneath or just paired with many many
things in the time like it says it's a
unitard
it's like short this is something that I
would wear under something super
inexpensive so got this piece next
alright so like I said I was in love
with this snake print so I got this
basically band oh crap top and this
makes skin so yeah I got this and then I
got a MIDI length skirt basically all
the material is pretty nice nothing is
like cheap or spin or anything like that
so I'm probably definitely going to be
making a couple Walt winners from this
website because they have like really
really trendy pieces for like really
really good prices and I had a good
experience so far oh yeah I forgot the
matching skirt to this make print like I
said I went to make print crazy I also
got the same skirt in the all ten again
in a size six is just a basic skirt so
it's pretty self-explanatory
a Bardot dress off the shoulder in this
beautiful lilac color this one is also
in a u.s. six size 10 but this one does
happen to be a little tighter and a
little shorter some of the tie the
yellow one was a little tighter and the
other stuff this one is a little more
snug and it's a little shorter so I
probably won't wear this as a dress I'll
probably wear this as like a top and
like put like something over it but this
is what it looks like
[Music]
okay so the last two clothing pieces
that I got are these two pieces I just
put them one at the same time asically a
basic new dress as you can see very very
basic and the second piece is a mesh
overlay top which i think is just so
darling it's really really cute the only
thing is that the next part is like
really really tight Sam I have to damn
near wash off all my makeup so put it on
and you can see some of the makeup a
lipstick or whatever got on it because
it's just so tight but whatever the
reason I got this is I think it'll look
really really cute like over a really
cute length brow that it's kind of
shorter than I wanted it to be though it
can even go over like a nice little
bathing suit top a little so I do think
it's cute and finally I'm going to show
you the last three pieces they are
accessories got this anklet because of
the seashells of course I think it's
really really cute it just goes with my
whole natural vibe so I like that these
gold earrings it's like an octagon
hexagon on yet a hexagon and they're
really really cute I like them I like
big hoops I don't know if you guys have
noticed but I like but I like big hoops
so this one is really really nice and I
also got these um diamond shape ones but
these are just a little too big like I
like bhiku so I feel like this size is
good this one is huge all the way down
on my neck it's just a little too big I
didn't know it was going to be this big
I just thought the diamond shape and I
thought it would be cute but it is a
little too big so I don't think I don't
see myself wearing these out with these
will definitely get aware and also got
one pair of sunglasses that I'm actually
going to be doing a sunglasses haul
basically showcasing all the sunglasses
and I have a lot of sunglasses okay I
got some really really cute stuff so
stay tuned for that it's probably going
to be one of my next videos I didn't
unlike anything the quality was on
everything was on pulling some hair like
everything that I got and I'll
definitely be shopping there again I
said this video is not sponsored I paid
for everything with my own coins so if I
have a problem child is no reason for me
to say that I ain't got no problems so
yeah I'm you're looking for like an
expensive thing but like I said you keep
in mind I have seen other reviews where
people had issues with like customer
service receiving on behalf of their
products and then can't get in contact
with nobody child but I didn't have
those issues I'll buy at your own risk
but anyway that's going to sum up this
video hope you guys enjoyed and I'll see
you guys in my next video my juices to
be get to be nice to be down to the 50s